README.md, before:

## Reflex-DOM
### A Framework for Functional Reactive Web Apps in Haskell

Reflex-DOM is a framework for building web applications in Haskell, based on the [Functional Reactive Programming](https://wiki.haskell.org/Functional_Reactive_Programming) library [Reflex](https://github.com/reflex-frp/reflex).

Comprehensive documentation is still a work in progress, but a [demo](https://github.com/reflex-frp/reflex-platform) is available and an introductory talk is available at [Part 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mYvkcskJbc4) / [Part 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3qfc9XFVo2c) ([Slides](https://obsidian.systems/reflex-nyhug/)).

A summary of Reflex-DOM functions is available in the [quick reference](Quickref.md).

### Additional resources
[Get started with Reflex](https://github.com/reflex-frp/reflex-platform)

[/r/reflexfrp](https://www.reddit.com/r/reflexfrp)

[hackage](https://hackage.haskell.org/package/reflex)

[irc.freenode.net #reflex-frp](http://webchat.freenode.net?channels=%23reflex-frp&uio=d4)

Commit message:

Added link to Haddocks in README

README.md, after:

## Reflex-DOM
### A Framework for Functional Reactive Web Apps in Haskell

Haddocks for [reflex-dom](http://daig.github.io/reflex-dom/) and [reflex-dom-core](http://daig.github.io/reflex-dom/reflex-dom-core/)

Reflex-DOM is a framework for building web applications in Haskell, based on the [Functional Reactive Programming](https://wiki.haskell.org/Functional_Reactive_Programming) library [Reflex](https://github.com/reflex-frp/reflex).

Comprehensive documentation is still a work in progress, but a [demo](https://github.com/reflex-frp/reflex-platform) is available and an introductory talk is available at [Part 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mYvkcskJbc4) / [Part 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3qfc9XFVo2c) ([Slides](https://obsidian.systems/reflex-nyhug/)).

A summary of Reflex-DOM functions is available in the [quick reference](Quickref.md).

### Additional resources
[Get started with Reflex](https://github.com/reflex-frp/reflex-platform)

[/r/reflexfrp](https://www.reddit.com/r/reflexfrp)

[hackage](https://hackage.haskell.org/package/reflex)

[irc.freenode.net #reflex-frp](http://webchat.freenode.net?channels=%23reflex-frp&uio=d4)
